README.md, before:

# c_plus_plus
This repository is for data structure and algorithms solutions in c++ programming langauge.

## Stack
1. Create Stack class with push and pop operations - [link](Stack/new.cpp)
2. Insert element at given position - [link](Stack/InsertAtAnyIndex.cpp)
3. Reverse a Stack - [link](Stack/ReverseStack.cpp)

## Queue
1. Insertion and Deletion - [link](Queue/InsertionAndDeletion.cpp)
2. Queue using Stack (pop efficient) - [link](Queue/QueueUsingStack_popEfficient.cpp)
3. Queue using Stack (push efficient) - [link](Queue/QueueUsingStack.cpp)
4. Reverse Queue - [link](Queue/ReverseQueue.cpp)
5. Sliding Window Max - [link](Queue/SlidingWindowMax.cpp)

## Arrays
1. 0's and 1's -[link](Array/0and1.cpp)
2. Can place flower -[link](Array/CanPlaceFlower.cpp)
3. Contain Duplicate -[link](Array/ContainDuplicate.cpp)
4. Devide in two Subarray -[link](Array/DevideInTwoSubArray.cpp)
5. Distribute Candies -[link](Array/DistributeCandies.cpp)
6. Find Element -[link](Array/FindElement.cpp)
7. Find Unique Number -[link](Array/FindUniqueNumber.cpp)
8. Height Checker -[link](Array/HeightChecker.cpp)
9. Intersection of Two -[link](Array/IntersectionOfTwo.cpp)
10. Majority Element -[link](Array/MajorityElement.cpp)
11. Max letter word -[link](Array/MaxLetterWord.cpp)
12. Max Profit -[link](Array/MaxProfit.cpp)
13. Max value -[link](Array/MaxValue.cpp)
14. Min cost -[link](Array/MinCost.cpp)
15. Missing Number -[link](Array/MissingNumber.cpp) 
16. Move Zeros -[link](Array/MoveZeros.cpp)
17. Next Greater Element -[link](Array/NextGreaterElement.cpp) 
18. Number of Pair -[link](Array/NumberOfPair.cpp)
19. Palindrome Word -[link](Array/PalindromeWord.cpp)
20. Plus One -[link](Array/PlusOne.cpp) 
21. Prefix Sum -[link](Array/PrefixSum.cpp)
22. Remove Element -[link](Array/RemoveElement.cpp) 
23. Remove Duplicates -[link](Array/RemoveDuplicates.cpp)
24. Second Last Max -[link](Array/SecondLastMax.cpp)
25. Single Number -[link](Array/SingleNumber.cpp)
26. Sum Of all element -[link](Array/SumOfAllElement.cpp) 
27. Swap Array -[link](Array/SwapArray.cpp)
28. Teemo Attacking -[link](Array/TeemoAttacking.cpp)
29. Third Max -[link](Array/ThirdMax.cpp)
30. Two Sum -[link](Array/TwoSum.cpp)
31. Visible Height -[link](Array/VisibleHieght.cpp)


## Recursion
1. Factorial - [link](Recursion/Factorial.cpp)
2. Fibonacci Series - [link](Recursion/Fibonacci.cpp)
3. Sum Of Array - [link](Recursion/SumOfArray.cpp)
4. Sum Of Digit - [link](Recursion/SumOfDigit.cpp)
5. Sum Of Alternative Sign Number - [link](Recursion/SumOfAlternativeSignNumber.cpp)
6. Print All Element of Array - [link](Recursion/PrintAllElementOfArray.cpp)
7. Power of P in Q - [link](Recursion/PowerOfPinQ.cpp)
8. Max value in Array - [link](Recursion/MaxValueInArray.cpp)
9. K multiple of a Num - [link](Recursion/k_MultipleOfNum.cpp)
10. Increasing Sequence - [link](Recursion/IncreasingSequence.cpp)
11. HCF of two number - [link](Recursion/HCF_OfTwoNumber.cpp)
12. Armstrong number - [link](Recursion/isArmstrongNumber.cpp)
13. Frog Jump - [link](Recursion/FrogJump.cpp)
    

## Linked List
1. Insertion and Deletion - [link](LinkedList/Basic.cpp)
2. Delete alternate element - [link](LinkedList/DeleteAlternateElement.cpp)
3. Delete Duplicate element in sorted Linked List - [link](LinkedList/DeleteDuplicateElementInSorted.cpp)

## Doubly Linked List
1. Insertion and Deletion - [link](DoublyLinkedList/Basic.cpp)

## Binary Tree

## Pattern 
1. Pattern1 - [link](Pattern/Pattern1.cpp)
2. Pattern2 - [link](Pattern/Pattern2.cpp)
3. Pattern3 - [link](Pattern/Pattern3.cpp)
4. Pattern4 - [link](Pattern/Pattern4.cpp)
5. Pattern5 - [link](Pattern/Pattern5.cpp)
6. Pattern6 - [link](Pattern/Pattern6.cpp)
7. Pattern7 - [link](Pattern/Pattern7.cpp)

## String
1. Anagram Words - [link](String/AnagramWords.cpp)
2. Isomorphic Words - [link](String/IsomorphicWord.cpp)
3. Sort String - [link](String/SortString.cpp)
4. Max Lenght - [link](String/MaxLenghtOfOne.cpp)
5. Add Binary - [link](String/AddBinary.cpp)
   
## String Stream
1. Count word - [link](StringStream/CountWord.cpp)
2. Frequency Of Words - [link](StringStream/FrequencyOfWords.cpp)

## Hashmap

1. Hashing Basic - [link](HashMap/HashingBasic.cpp)
2. Map - [link](HashMap/InsertionAndDeletion.cpp)
3. Multi Map - [link](HashMap/Multimap.cpp)
4. Unordered Map - [link](HashMap/unorderd_map.cpp)
5. Sum of repetitive element - [link](HashMap/SumOfRepititiveElement.cpp)
6. All element in array can be same string - [link](HashMap/AllElementSameString.cpp)
7. Check Isomorphic - [link](HashMap/checkIsomorphic.cpp)
8. Max length of sub array with zero sum - [link](HashMap/MaxLenghtOfSubArrayWithZeroSum.cpp)
9. String anagram each other - [link](HashMap/StringAnagramEachOther.cpp)
10. Target sum - [link](HashMap/TargetSum.cpp)
   

## Sorting
1. Boubble sort - [link](Sorting/BubbleSort.cpp)
2. Insertion sort - [link](Sorting/InsertionSort.cpp)
3. Selection sort - [link](Sorting/SelectionSort.cpp)
4. Merge sort - [link](Sorting/MergeSort.cpp)
5. Bucket sort -[link](Sorting/BubbleSort.cpp)
6. Count sort -[link](Sorting/CountSort.cpp)
7. Quick sort -[link](Sorting/QuickSort.cpp)
8. Redix sort -[link](Sorting/RedixSort.cpp)

## Set
1. Insertion and Deletion - [link](Set/Basic.cpp) 
2. Sum Of common element in two Vector - [link](Set/SumOfCommonEle.cpp)
3. Check present all charactor in given string - [link](Set/PresentAllCharactor.cpp)

## Searching
1. Binary Search - [link](searching/BinarySearch.cpp)
2. Linear Search - [link](searching/LinearSearch.cpp)

## Leetcode

leetcode profile - [link](https://leetcode.com/goyalashish197/)

1. Two Sum - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/910929937/)
2. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/910958656/)
3. Single Number - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/911241651/)
4. Remove Element - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/911885852/)
5. Plus One - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/913682168/)
6. Contains Duplicate - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/913721139/)
7. Missing Number - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/913726837/)
8. Move Zeroes - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/913754039/)
9.  Distribute Candies - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/913767891/)
10. Height Checker - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/924723293/)
11. Max Consecutive Ones - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/925356025/)
12. Next Greater Element I - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/926488497/)
13. Can Place Flowers - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/926503079/)
14. Intersection of Two Arrays - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/926775190/)
15. Find All Numbers Disappeared in an Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/926800831/)
16. Intersection of Two Arrays II - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/927790141/)
17. Third Maximum Number - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/927799643/)
18. Set Mismatch - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/929447788/)
19. Largest Number At Least Twice of Others - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/929509185/)
20. Sort Array By Parity - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/929513037/)
21. Merge Sorted Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/931285364/)
22. Assign Cookies - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/932932395/)
23. Relative Ranks - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/933120779/)
24. Sort Colors - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/933712955/)
25. Maximum Gap - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/933715846/)
26. Kth Largest Element in an Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/933759832/)
27. Find the Duplicate Number - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/933766500/)
28. Find Lucky Integer in an Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/936754673/)
29. Duplicate Zeros - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/936758912/)
30. Single Number II - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/937106668/)
31. Find All Duplicates in an Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/937283358/)
32. Smallest Index With Equal Value - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/937433551/)
33. Time Needed to Buy Tickets - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/937466934/)
34. Find the Middle Index in Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/937485686/)
35. Determine the Winner of a Bowling Game - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/953851509/)
36. Reverse String - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/955214975/)
37. Spiral Matrix - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/956175405/)
38. Spiral Matrix II - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/956245417/)
39. Rotate Image - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/956541654/)
40. Pascal's Triangle - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/957060341/)
41. Reshape the Matrix - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/957831019/)
42. Toeplitz Matrix - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/958186832/)
43. Transpose Matrix - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/958223059/)
44. Count Negative Numbers in a Sorted Matrix - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/958229449/)
45. Convert 1D Array Into 2D Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/958241487/)
46. Delete Greatest Value in Each Row - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/958251358/)
47. Valid Parentheses - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/970896132/)
48. Odd Even Linked List - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/970980852/)
49. Binary Tree Preorder Traversal - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/972515203/)
50. Binary Tree Inorder Traversal - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/972530471/)
51. Binary Tree Postorder Traversal - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/972533065/)
52. Remove Duplicates from Sorted List - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/973508528/)
53. Sliding Window Maximum - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/981471914/)
54. Majority Element - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/991573478/)
55. Relative Sort Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/995714716/)
56. Majority Element II - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/997325345/)
57. Rotate Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/999843802/)
58. Contiguous Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1000848946/)
59. Subarray Sum Equals K - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1001622242/)
60. Longest Harmonious Subsequence - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1002026726/)
61. Top K Frequent Elements - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1002354357/)
62. Rabbits in Forest - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1003307627/)
63. Alternating Digit Sum -[link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1019135545/)
64. Valid Anagram - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1021722158/)
65. Add Binary - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1021820599/)
66. Reverse Integer - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1022112886/) 
67. Roman to Integer - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1022227278/)
68. Length of Last Word - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1022351036/)
69. Product of Array Except Self - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1023925504/)
70. Find the Difference - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1023932730/)
71. Student Attendance Record I - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1023989509/)
72. Reverse Words in a String - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1024135761/)
73. Reverse Only Letters - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1024590310/)
74. Reverse Prefix of Word - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1024595172/)
75. Reverse Vowels of a String - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1024602171/)
76. Remove All Adjacent Duplicates In String - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1024670249/)
77. Remove Outermost Parentheses - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1026396752/)
78. Ransom Note - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1032874588/)
79. Shortest Distance to a Character - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037113440/)
80. Sort Array By Parity II - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037122720/)
81. Squares of a Sorted Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037136603/)
82. Count Pairs Whose Sum is Less than Target - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037295743/)
83. Two Sum II - Input Array Is Sorted - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1038186013/)
84. Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1038212052/)
85. Find Target Indices After Sorting Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1038217766/)
86. Sign of the Product of an Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1044167005/)

Commit message:

Sliding Window technique and 3 leetcode Q's

README.md, after:

# c_plus_plus
This repository is for data structure and algorithms solutions in c++ programming langauge.

## Stack
1. Create Stack class with push and pop operations - [link](Stack/new.cpp)
2. Insert element at given position - [link](Stack/InsertAtAnyIndex.cpp)
3. Reverse a Stack - [link](Stack/ReverseStack.cpp)

## Queue
1. Insertion and Deletion - [link](Queue/InsertionAndDeletion.cpp)
2. Queue using Stack (pop efficient) - [link](Queue/QueueUsingStack_popEfficient.cpp)
3. Queue using Stack (push efficient) - [link](Queue/QueueUsingStack.cpp)
4. Reverse Queue - [link](Queue/ReverseQueue.cpp)
5. Sliding Window Max - [link](Queue/SlidingWindowMax.cpp)

## Arrays
1. 0's and 1's -[link](Array/0and1.cpp)
2. Can place flower -[link](Array/CanPlaceFlower.cpp)
3. Contain Duplicate -[link](Array/ContainDuplicate.cpp)
4. Devide in two Subarray -[link](Array/DevideInTwoSubArray.cpp)
5. Distribute Candies -[link](Array/DistributeCandies.cpp)
6. Find Element -[link](Array/FindElement.cpp)
7. Find Unique Number -[link](Array/FindUniqueNumber.cpp)
8. Height Checker -[link](Array/HeightChecker.cpp)
9. Intersection of Two -[link](Array/IntersectionOfTwo.cpp)
10. Majority Element -[link](Array/MajorityElement.cpp)
11. Max letter word -[link](Array/MaxLetterWord.cpp)
12. Max Profit -[link](Array/MaxProfit.cpp)
13. Max value -[link](Array/MaxValue.cpp)
14. Min cost -[link](Array/MinCost.cpp)
15. Missing Number -[link](Array/MissingNumber.cpp) 
16. Move Zeros -[link](Array/MoveZeros.cpp)
17. Next Greater Element -[link](Array/NextGreaterElement.cpp) 
18. Number of Pair -[link](Array/NumberOfPair.cpp)
19. Palindrome Word -[link](Array/PalindromeWord.cpp)
20. Plus One -[link](Array/PlusOne.cpp) 
21. Prefix Sum -[link](Array/PrefixSum.cpp)
22. Remove Element -[link](Array/RemoveElement.cpp) 
23. Remove Duplicates -[link](Array/RemoveDuplicates.cpp)
24. Second Last Max -[link](Array/SecondLastMax.cpp)
25. Single Number -[link](Array/SingleNumber.cpp)
26. Sum Of all element -[link](Array/SumOfAllElement.cpp) 
27. Swap Array -[link](Array/SwapArray.cpp)
28. Teemo Attacking -[link](Array/TeemoAttacking.cpp)
29. Third Max -[link](Array/ThirdMax.cpp)
30. Two Sum -[link](Array/TwoSum.cpp)
31. Visible Height -[link](Array/VisibleHieght.cpp)


## Recursion
1. Factorial - [link](Recursion/Factorial.cpp)
2. Fibonacci Series - [link](Recursion/Fibonacci.cpp)
3. Sum Of Array - [link](Recursion/SumOfArray.cpp)
4. Sum Of Digit - [link](Recursion/SumOfDigit.cpp)
5. Sum Of Alternative Sign Number - [link](Recursion/SumOfAlternativeSignNumber.cpp)
6. Print All Element of Array - [link](Recursion/PrintAllElementOfArray.cpp)
7. Power of P in Q - [link](Recursion/PowerOfPinQ.cpp)
8. Max value in Array - [link](Recursion/MaxValueInArray.cpp)
9. K multiple of a Num - [link](Recursion/k_MultipleOfNum.cpp)
10. Increasing Sequence - [link](Recursion/IncreasingSequence.cpp)
11. HCF of two number - [link](Recursion/HCF_OfTwoNumber.cpp)
12. Armstrong number - [link](Recursion/isArmstrongNumber.cpp)
13. Frog Jump - [link](Recursion/FrogJump.cpp)
    

## Linked List
1. Insertion and Deletion - [link](LinkedList/Basic.cpp)
2. Delete alternate element - [link](LinkedList/DeleteAlternateElement.cpp)
3. Delete Duplicate element in sorted Linked List - [link](LinkedList/DeleteDuplicateElementInSorted.cpp)

## Doubly Linked List
1. Insertion and Deletion - [link](DoublyLinkedList/Basic.cpp)

## Binary Tree

## Pattern 
1. Pattern1 - [link](Pattern/Pattern1.cpp)
2. Pattern2 - [link](Pattern/Pattern2.cpp)
3. Pattern3 - [link](Pattern/Pattern3.cpp)
4. Pattern4 - [link](Pattern/Pattern4.cpp)
5. Pattern5 - [link](Pattern/Pattern5.cpp)
6. Pattern6 - [link](Pattern/Pattern6.cpp)
7. Pattern7 - [link](Pattern/Pattern7.cpp)

## String
1. Anagram Words - [link](String/AnagramWords.cpp)
2. Isomorphic Words - [link](String/IsomorphicWord.cpp)
3. Sort String - [link](String/SortString.cpp)
4. Max Lenght - [link](String/MaxLenghtOfOne.cpp)
5. Add Binary - [link](String/AddBinary.cpp)
   
## String Stream
1. Count word - [link](StringStream/CountWord.cpp)
2. Frequency Of Words - [link](StringStream/FrequencyOfWords.cpp)

## Hashmap

1. Hashing Basic - [link](HashMap/HashingBasic.cpp)
2. Map - [link](HashMap/InsertionAndDeletion.cpp)
3. Multi Map - [link](HashMap/Multimap.cpp)
4. Unordered Map - [link](HashMap/unorderd_map.cpp)
5. Sum of repetitive element - [link](HashMap/SumOfRepititiveElement.cpp)
6. All element in array can be same string - [link](HashMap/AllElementSameString.cpp)
7. Check Isomorphic - [link](HashMap/checkIsomorphic.cpp)
8. Max length of sub array with zero sum - [link](HashMap/MaxLenghtOfSubArrayWithZeroSum.cpp)
9. String anagram each other - [link](HashMap/StringAnagramEachOther.cpp)
10. Target sum - [link](HashMap/TargetSum.cpp)
   

## Sorting
1. Boubble sort - [link](Sorting/BubbleSort.cpp)
2. Insertion sort - [link](Sorting/InsertionSort.cpp)
3. Selection sort - [link](Sorting/SelectionSort.cpp)
4. Merge sort - [link](Sorting/MergeSort.cpp)
5. Bucket sort -[link](Sorting/BubbleSort.cpp)
6. Count sort -[link](Sorting/CountSort.cpp)
7. Quick sort -[link](Sorting/QuickSort.cpp)
8. Redix sort -[link](Sorting/RedixSort.cpp)

## Sliding Window

1. Max Sum of K length window - [link](SlidingWindow/MaxSumOf_k_lengthWindow.cpp)
2. Max Sum of k length window (Normal Mehtod) - [link](SlidingWindow/MaxSumOf_k_element.cpp)

## Set
1. Insertion and Deletion - [link](Set/Basic.cpp) 
2. Sum Of common element in two Vector - [link](Set/SumOfCommonEle.cpp)
3. Check present all charactor in given string - [link](Set/PresentAllCharactor.cpp)

## Searching
1. Binary Search - [link](searching/BinarySearch.cpp)
2. Linear Search - [link](searching/LinearSearch.cpp)

## Leetcode

leetcode profile - [link](https://leetcode.com/goyalashish197/)

1. Two Sum - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/910929937/)
2. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/910958656/)
3. Single Number - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/911241651/)
4. Remove Element - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/911885852/)
5. Plus One - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/913682168/)
6. Contains Duplicate - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/913721139/)
7. Missing Number - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/913726837/)
8. Move Zeroes - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/913754039/)
9.  Distribute Candies - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/913767891/)
10. Height Checker - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/924723293/)
11. Max Consecutive Ones - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/925356025/)
12. Next Greater Element I - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/926488497/)
13. Can Place Flowers - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/926503079/)
14. Intersection of Two Arrays - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/926775190/)
15. Find All Numbers Disappeared in an Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/926800831/)
16. Intersection of Two Arrays II - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/927790141/)
17. Third Maximum Number - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/927799643/)
18. Set Mismatch - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/929447788/)
19. Largest Number At Least Twice of Others - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/929509185/)
20. Sort Array By Parity - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/929513037/)
21. Merge Sorted Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/931285364/)
22. Assign Cookies - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/932932395/)
23. Relative Ranks - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/933120779/)
24. Sort Colors - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/933712955/)
25. Maximum Gap - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/933715846/)
26. Kth Largest Element in an Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/933759832/)
27. Find the Duplicate Number - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/933766500/)
28. Find Lucky Integer in an Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/936754673/)
29. Duplicate Zeros - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/936758912/)
30. Single Number II - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/937106668/)
31. Find All Duplicates in an Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/937283358/)
32. Smallest Index With Equal Value - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/937433551/)
33. Time Needed to Buy Tickets - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/937466934/)
34. Find the Middle Index in Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/937485686/)
35. Determine the Winner of a Bowling Game - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/953851509/)
36. Reverse String - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/955214975/)
37. Spiral Matrix - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/956175405/)
38. Spiral Matrix II - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/956245417/)
39. Rotate Image - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/956541654/)
40. Pascal's Triangle - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/957060341/)
41. Reshape the Matrix - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/957831019/)
42. Toeplitz Matrix - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/958186832/)
43. Transpose Matrix - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/958223059/)
44. Count Negative Numbers in a Sorted Matrix - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/958229449/)
45. Convert 1D Array Into 2D Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/958241487/)
46. Delete Greatest Value in Each Row - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/958251358/)
47. Valid Parentheses - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/970896132/)
48. Odd Even Linked List - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/970980852/)
49. Binary Tree Preorder Traversal - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/972515203/)
50. Binary Tree Inorder Traversal - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/972530471/)
51. Binary Tree Postorder Traversal - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/972533065/)
52. Remove Duplicates from Sorted List - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/973508528/)
53. Sliding Window Maximum - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/981471914/)
54. Majority Element - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/991573478/)
55. Relative Sort Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/995714716/)
56. Majority Element II - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/997325345/)
57. Rotate Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/999843802/)
58. Contiguous Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1000848946/)
59. Subarray Sum Equals K - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1001622242/)
60. Longest Harmonious Subsequence - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1002026726/)
61. Top K Frequent Elements - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1002354357/)
62. Rabbits in Forest - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1003307627/)
63. Alternating Digit Sum -[link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1019135545/)
64. Valid Anagram - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1021722158/)
65. Add Binary - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1021820599/)
66. Reverse Integer - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1022112886/) 
67. Roman to Integer - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1022227278/)
68. Length of Last Word - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1022351036/)
69. Product of Array Except Self - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1023925504/)
70. Find the Difference - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1023932730/)
71. Student Attendance Record I - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1023989509/)
72. Reverse Words in a String - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1024135761/)
73. Reverse Only Letters - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1024590310/)
74. Reverse Prefix of Word - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1024595172/)
75. Reverse Vowels of a String - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1024602171/)
76. Remove All Adjacent Duplicates In String - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1024670249/)
77. Remove Outermost Parentheses - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1026396752/)
78. Ransom Note - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1032874588/)
79. Shortest Distance to a Character - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037113440/)
80. Sort Array By Parity II - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037122720/)
81. Squares of a Sorted Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037136603/)
82. Count Pairs Whose Sum is Less than Target - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037295743/)
83. Two Sum II - Input Array Is Sorted - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1038186013/)
84. Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1038212052/)
85. Find Target Indices After Sorting Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1038217766/)
86. Sign of the Product of an Array - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1044167005/) 
87. Contains Duplicate II - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1046294997/)
88. Maximum Average Subarray I - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1046313387/)
89. Subarray Product Less Than K - [link](https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1046730292/)
